welcome to the tutorial that shows how
download and install the pro game
cycling manager 2014 for pc this is
I quite expected with the requirements
system has finally come out with the
crack stick that is what allows us
enjoy this game here are the
installation institutions in this
video tutorial let's show each one
of these steps the main thing that we have
what to do is download the 19 parts and
to do so let's use servers
as vizzari richard levitt a side not
they sign the de banega or file factory
being all these interchangeable what
does this mean that you can lower the
part 1 of bichara the part of signing in
part 3 of the ebit the 4 bent and so
successively until having in our pc
downloaded to the 19 parts
When you finish downloading all
parts let's go now part 1 click
right extract the password here to
unzip is www.computicket.com
and here right now we are beginning to
unzip the image did like
recommendation we must have all the
parts in the same folder all
parts of starting the same except the
last one that always weighs a little less
here we have finished decompressing
the game and we create the folder to the
which contains the iso image are we going to
use the ultra iso program to
assemble the image and its new unit
Virtual also serves in programs like
daemon tools or power did among others
we give you right click ultra and somontur
drive and we're going to team in
unit devices we are already
with the units and assembled we enter and
we execute the setup to perform the
installation
here we select Spanish
that tells us that the pro will be installed
cycling manager version 1.0 point zero
our system we give you following
next here shows us the root where
is going to be the game we should have
present this route tells us archives of
program x86 if yes nest and pro cycling
manager season 2014
we give next following and we press
in installing during this process we must
have patience so that the own
install fast and without problems we should
have all the applications of the pc
closed and wait for you to finish
good at the end of the installation of
game is going to come out this window of
activation we will activate the fire
using the gene that they see inside the
crack folder that crack folder is
inside the iso image we enter and
we execute the one that there are people we should
be careful with our antivirus
here we copy the serial
and we paste it here in this space and
we click here
the field was a variator activation
means we click on other
and here and we will return the hardware
with what we copy this hardware code and what
we paste on our keygen and press
in general and already gives us the activation that
in the copy and paste it below
and now if we give him next and ready the
product has been activated successfully
we press ok we close our
keygen and now we proceed as step
optional to use the update and the day that
is inside the folder
installation here we click on the sector
patch
we select the clear Spanish language
says that this game is going to
update the game version 1.3 point
0.0 recommended doing it is installing and
will install us directly in the
route where the game was installed if
you changed the installation path
they have to go to the folder where they
install this and copy and paste what is
What I recommend is never change the
installation path of the game so that
patch install without any problem
ready to have finished installing
01.30 point zero until the things that
improvement
there are quite a few things therefore
recommended for use here by then list
the game is ready we press on
execute and now let's proceed to
to play
let's review something here we are going to
run this
when executing it as administrator the
game starts without problems here I leave you
a little gameplay me playing
two
you
so that the head of the group
the attention that is never attacking you
the teams are put to work in the
platoon its directors should not be
very happy with the escape the peloton
has reached the escaped
a small group is trying
separate from the peloton